(Actually, since I didn't read the message asking us to keep logs, about half of
this is probably being backfilled.  It's 6:30 on Saturday right now) 

Friday, 9pm:
  Topic announced; I had ideas for some of the others but hadn't even known that
  Guardian was an option.  Throws me for a bit, so I decide to focus on building
  a basic engine while I think of what I'm going to do with it.  I'd already
  decided on PyGame, mainly because I knew python and wanted to know pygame, so
  I spent most of the night brainstorming and learning pygame.  I've got some
  SDL background so it's not too painful.

-- SATURDAY --
  
Saturday, 7am:
  I wake up and go to work; since I'm trying to gain extra hours, there's no
  luxurious weekend of coding for me! I do manage to come up with my idea during
  lunch, however:  Every RPG out there always has the hero defeating the
  Guardian of something at some point in order to get that something.  Well, I
  figure, why not write a game where you /are/ that guardian?  Since I'm on a
  major Nethack kick lately, I figure that's a decent enough setting:  You're
  the guardian at the bottom of the dungeon and it's your job to kick all the
  advenurer wannabes who try to get the item you're protecting (which I haven't
  decided upon yet).
  
Saturday, 2pm:
  Work ends, and I go home and code.  I put together some extraordinarily
  terrible graphics for tiles and create a title screen.  It's a snapshot of me
  playing Nethack, a big X over it, and the title:  "Not Hack".
 
Saturday, 6:30pm:
  Tile engine works.  Now I just have to put some sprites on it and have it
  scroll.  Take a break for dinner and to see what all the other screenshots are
  like.  See the announcement about the logs.  Start writing this.
  
Saturday, 6:38pm:
  Done writing this.  Getting back to work :)
  
Saturday, 8:15pm:
  The IRC channel is very distracting.  My screenshot in the title is okay, it
  turns out, so long as I'm not ripping off Nethack /too/ badly.  I think I'm
  okay :)
  Can scroll the tile engine around now.  Just finished an adventurer image;
  next up is the player himself.  This ought to be good.
  
Saturday, 9:30pm:
  The IRC channel is still very distracting.  Adventurer image looks like a
  dork, but the player image that looked dorky at 1600% actually looks pretty
  good at 32x32. Tile engine is now centered on the player, and you can't walk
  through walls anymore.
  
Saturday, 11:30pm:
  Backend engine work.  Characters have stats now, about to put in weaponry and
  armor and such.  Made the wall tiles look far better.  Put up a HUD for the
  player's stats.  Came up with names for the dungeon you're in:
  
  The Mazes of Mania, the Caverns of Chaos, the Tunnels of Terror, 
  the Subterranian Sanctum of Sin, the Aerie of Abomination, the 
  Dark Dwellings of Death, the Hellish Hallways of Horror

Saturday, 12:13pm:
  Made a background to blend with the top of the walls.  Started implementing
  weaponry and items in general.  Added a message log to the top of the screen
  that randomly picks from the above names.  Went to bed :)
  
-- SUNDAY --
  
Sunday, 11:30am:
  I didn't actually sleep until just now; I woke up a few hours ago but showered
  and ate and such.  Pretty much did all the relaxing I'm likely to do today. 
  Started up coding again.
  
Sunday, 2:40pm:
  Dropping and picking up of items implemented.  Equipping and de-equipping
  implemented.  Inventory management in general implemented.  Next up:  The
  Enemies.
  
Sunday, 4:30pm:
  Implemented A* for the first time ever.  The earth moved.
  
Sunday, 6:01pm:
  Clock ticking down really fast today.  Got messages and entrances done; time
  to hook up some AI
